AAP-4102 HA Hub on SELinux (redo) (#406)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/automation-hub/proc-install-ha-hub-selinux.adoc

= Install a high availability (HA) deployment of {HubName} on SELinux

To set up a high availability (HA) deployment of {HubName} on SELinux, create two mount points for `/var/lib/pulp` and `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`, then assign the appropriate SELinux contexts to each. The current {PlatformNameShort} installer version requires you to first add the context for `/var/lib/pulp` and running the {PlatformNameShort} installer before adding the context for `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`.

.Prerequisites
* You have already configured a NFS export on your server.

.Pre-installation procedure
. Create a mount point at `/var/lib/pulp`:
+
----
$ mkdir /var/lib/pulp/
----
. Run the mount command for `/var/lib/pulp`:
+
----

> $ mount /var/lib/pulp

Reviewer: They need to edit /etc/fstab before doing this though.

= Install a high availability (HA) deployment of {HubName} on SELinux

> To set up a high availability (HA) deployment of {HubName} on SELinux, create two mount points for `/var/lib/pulp` and `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`, then assign the appropriate SELinux contexts to each. The current {PlatformNameShort} installer version requires you to first add the context for `/var/lib/pulp` and running the {PlatformNameShort} installer before adding the context for `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up a high availability (HA) deployment of {HubName} on SELinux, create two mount points for `/var/lib/pulp` and `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`, then assign the appropriate SELinux contexts to each. You must add the context for `/var/lib/pulp` and run the {PlatformNameShort} installer before adding the context for `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`.
```

.Post-installation procedure
. Shut down the Pulp service:
+
----
$ systemctl stop pulpcore.service
----
. Unmount `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`:
+
----
$ umount /var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static
----
. Unmount `/var/lib/pulp/`:
+
----
$ umount /var/lib/pulp/
----
. Open `/etc/fstab` using a text editor, then replace the existing value for `/var/lib/pulp` with the following:
+
----
srv_rhel8:/data /var/lib/pulp nfs defaults,_netdev,nosharecache,context="system_u:object_r:pulpcore_var_lib_t:s0" 0 0
----
. Run the mount command:
+
----
$ mount -a
----

.Configure pulpcore.service:
. With the two mount points set up, shut down the Pulp service to configure `pulpcore.service`:
+
----
$ systemctl stop pulpcore.service
----
. Edit `pulpcore.service` using `systemctl`:
+
----
$ systemctl edit pulpcore.service
----
. Add the following entry to `pulpcore.service` to ensure that {HubName} services starts only after starting the network and mounting the remote mount points:
+
----
[Unit]
After=network.target var-lib-pulp.mount
----
. Enable `remote-fs.target`:
+
----
$ systemctl enable remote-fs.target
----
. Reboot the system:
+
----

> $ reboot

Reviewer 3: Should this be `systemctl reboot`? I'm not sure if that's any better than just `reboot` on RHEL.

Author: Per @mikedep333 it's apparently the same command on RHEL, but for the sake of consistency and clarity I can specify systemctl in the command.

----

.Troubleshooting

> A bug in the pulpcore SELinux policies can cause the token authentication public/private keys in `etc/pulp/certs/` to not have the proper SELinux labels, causing the pulp process to fail. When this occurs, run the following command to temporarily attach the proper labels:

Reviewer 2: It would be nice to have an example of a typical error message, if it's available.

----
$ chcon system_u:object_r:pulpcore_etc_t:s0 /etc/pulp/certs/token_{private,public}_key.pem
----

> NOTE: Repeat this command whenever you relabel your system to reattach the proper SELiux labels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: You must repeat this command to reattach the proper SELinux labels whenever you relabel your system.
```

= Install a high availability (HA) deployment of {HubName} on SELinux

To set up a high availability (HA) deployment of {HubName} on SELinux, create two mount points for `/var/lib/pulp` and `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`, then assign the appropriate SELinux contexts to each. The current {PlatformNameShort} installer version requires you to first add the context for `/var/lib/pulp` and running the {PlatformNameShort} installer before adding the context for `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`.

.Prerequisites
* You have already configured a NFS export on your server.

.Pre-installation procedure
. Create a mount point at `/var/lib/pulp`:
+
----
$ mkdir -p /var/lib/pulp/
----
. Create a mount point at `/var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static`:
+
----

> $ mkdir -p /var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static

Reviewer: You have to mount /var/lib/pulp, then create this directory within the mounted filesystem.

----
. Open `/etc/fstab` using a text editor, then add the following values:
+
----
srv_rhel8:/data /var/lib/pulp nfs defaults,_netdev,nosharecache 0 0
srv_rhel8:/data/pulpcore_static /var/lib/pulp/pulpcore_static nfs defaults,_netdev,nosharecache,context="system_u:object_r:httpd_sys_content_rw_t:s0" 0 0
----
. Run the mount command:
+
----
$ mount -a
----
. With the mount points set up, run the {PlatformNameShort} installer:
+
----
$ setup.sh -- -b --become-user root
----

Once the installation is complete, unmount the `/var/lib/pulp/` mount point then apply the appropriate SELinux context:

.Post-installation procedure
. Shut down the Pulp service:
+
----
$ systemctl stop pulpcore.service
----
. Unmount `/var/lib/pulp/`:
+
----
$ umount /var/lib/pulp/
----
. Open `/etc/fstab` using a text editor, then add the following values:
+
----

> srv_rhel8:/data /var/lib/pulp nfs defaults,_netdev,nosharecache,context="system_u:object_r:pulpcore_var_lib_t:s0" 0 0

Reviewer: They need to replace the existing line for "/var/lib/pulp" with this one.
